README.md, before:

﻿# QuickStarts for Microsoft Azure Mobile Apps
 
With Microsoft Azure Mobile Apps you can add a scalable backend to your connected client applications in minutes.
To learn more, visit our [Developer Center](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/develop/mobile/).

## Getting Started

If you are new to Mobile Apps, you can get started by following our tutorials for connecting your Mobile
Apps cloud backend to [Windows Store apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-windows-store-dotnet-get-started/),
[iOS apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-ios-get-started/),
and [Android apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-android-get-started/).  Tutorials are also available for Xamarin 
[Android](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-xamarin-android-get-started/), 
[iOS](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started/), and 
[Forms](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-xamarin-forms-get-started/) apps.

## Download Source Code

To get the source code of our SDKs and samples via **git** just type:

    git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-mobile-apps-quickstarts.git
    cd ./azure-mobile-apps-quickstarts/
 
## Building Quickstarts For Uploading To Azure Portal

From the command line, run 

    C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\MSBuild.exe .\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Build.msbuild

The build script downloads latest official nuget packages, updates quickstarts with required versions and dependencies, and packs required projects to appropriate quickstarts.

### Prerequisites

.Net Framework 4.0.

## Quickstarts Usage Instructions

### Cordova Client

To use the Azure Mobile Apps Cordova client quickstart:

  1. Edit ./client/cordova/ZUMOAPPNAME/www/js/index.js and replace the *ZUMOAPPURL* placeholder with your Mobile App URL.
  2. Change to the Cordova quickstart directory:

        cd ./client/cordova/ZUMOAPPNAME
  3. Add the platform you want to build the quickstart for:

        cordova platform add [android | ios | windows | wp8]
  4. Run the quickstart:

        cordova run [android | ios | windows | wp8]

### Prerequisites

* [Cordova CLI](https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/cli/index.html)
* Target platform SDK.

Commit message:

Add a README in the client/cordova directory
- Added instructions to use the Cordova client to the client/cordova directory so that external links can directly link users to it.
- Instructions for building Quickstarts for uplaoding to the Azure portal continues to be in the root README.

README.md, after:

﻿# QuickStarts for Microsoft Azure Mobile Apps
 
With Microsoft Azure Mobile Apps you can add a scalable backend to your connected client applications in minutes.
To learn more, visit our [Developer Center](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/develop/mobile/).

## Getting Started

If you are new to Mobile Apps, you can get started by following our tutorials for connecting your Mobile
Apps cloud backend to [Windows Store apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-windows-store-dotnet-get-started/),
[iOS apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-ios-get-started/),
and [Android apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-android-get-started/).  Tutorials are also available for Xamarin 
[Android](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-xamarin-android-get-started/), 
[iOS](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started/), and 
[Forms](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-xamarin-forms-get-started/) apps.

## Download Source Code

To get the source code of our SDKs and samples via **git** just type:

    git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-mobile-apps-quickstarts.git
    cd ./azure-mobile-apps-quickstarts/
 
## Quickstarts Usage Instructions

The Azure Portal helps you get started quickly with Mobile Apps by providing a set of quickstarts for the supported client and server platforms. The quickstarts are customised by the Azure Portal to work with the Mobile App cloud backend you are downloading it for.

Alternatively, you can build the quickstarts yourself for use with your Mobile Apps cloud backend.

### Building Quickstarts For Uploading To Azure Portal

From the command line, run 

    C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\MSBuild.exe .\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Build.msbuild

The build script downloads latest official nuget packages, updates quickstarts with required versions and dependencies, and packs required projects to appropriate quickstarts.

#### Prerequisites

.Net Framework 4.0.

### Building And Using The Quickstarts Yourself

#### Cordova Client

To build the Azure Mobile Apps Cordova Client yourself, refer the [Cordova Client README](./client/cordova/README.md)
